Update dev call (community QnA) description & specify CET as central timezone in calender (#2339)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/contribute/dev_call.md

> # Weekly Community Q&A Call

Reviewer: So there is no dev call?

Reviewer: Ah, answered in the description of the PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Weekly Community Q&A Call (Previously "Dev Call")
```

<div v-if="$themeConfig.px4_version != 'main'">
  <div class="custom-block danger"><p class="custom-block-title">This page may be out of date</p>. <p>The latest version <a href="https://docs.px4.io/main/en/contribute/dev_call.html">can be found here</a>.</p>
  </div>
</div>

> The PX4 dev team and Community come together to discuss anything Community may be curious / having trouble about!

Reviewer: Community is not a proper noun, and should be lower case everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PX4 dev team and community come together to discuss any topic of interest to the community, ranging from sorting out issues to satisfying your curiosity.
```

* Community members

:::tip
The Community Q&A call is open to all interested community members.

This is a great opportunity to meet the team and contribute to the ongoing development of the platform.
:::

## What gets discussed?

The meeting note gets published week before the call on [PX4 Discuss - weekly-dev-call](https://discuss.px4.io/c/weekly-dev-call).

We welcome any topics that you, as a community member may have questions about / want to discuss!

> Please add your agendas as a reply to the meeting note before the meeting begins, as it helps clearing up confusion about your topic & will help you formulate the topic in a better manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add your topics for discussion to the agenda before the meeting begins, by replying to the meeting note.
This will help you formulate your questions more clearly, and allow us to think about them in advance.
```

* Community members

:::tip
The Community Q&A call is open to all interested community members.

This is a great opportunity to meet the team and contribute to the ongoing development of the platform.
:::

## What gets discussed?

> The meeting note gets published week before the call on [PX4 Discuss - weekly-dev-call](https://discuss.px4.io/c/weekly-dev-call).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We publish a forum post per meeting a week before the call on [PX4 Discuss - weekly-dev-call](https://discuss.px4.io/c/weekly-dev-call) and track the agenda write down the discussion for the day.
```
